Good afternoon everyone
Hello soldier
conscript
soon conscripts what do they seem to be
sending to Ukraine there is
no more
Month left to serve
And if in a month you will
have to fight what to do there is
nowhere to go yourself where you come from
this war to die
politics
if they send you and you die for what
you tell your mother for what he died for
what he died
don’t tell politics
I don’t know
cool
but how can he stop
this then it’s the genocide of the Russian people
No
idea  people in Ukraine
But if they don’t go to jail
That is, if someone told you, for example,
Come on, kill a woman on the street or go to
jail or put you in jail, you would
kill a woman no,
but in Ukraine you went to kill
As they say Well, look, the cops catch you
or  now it’s going to crash or In short, we put you in
jail for 10 years shorter there, like for
drugs, or so they tell you themselves or in
short
you go to kill,
but you know a lot of people who were imprisoned also
didn’t join the army
Yes, there’s no one almost dead at all,
we know a bunch of truth
that we don’t know why
someone is imprisoned.  I don’t know so that people
go to this war like cattle in a shorter time
[music]
That is, it turns out, look, they take you away,
you obediently. Yes, I don’t know, they took me away, I don’t know.
in the telegram there is such a channel called
moder magar there, in short, the intelligence dude
uploads the video how
bahmati solidarity with the drones is bangs yours in short.
Everything is let in like
this.
is retreating and people need to be demobilized, which
means the army is over,
but where did they go? What do you think,
only in the fire? Why  then
mobilization leads, if only to the
Admiral and I don’t know, it’s cool, probably, he
makes these mobilized people
give cartridges there to the Wagners, for example, to
cook there. To do this, they
mobilize so much, the truth is
apparently Cool
.
the news that there was some kind of Russian
warrior, like, minus in Ukraine, there he
came home in a package, I also don’t
feel sorry for fun, because I feel sorry for you
coolly
came for a foreign country and died a
life filled with meaning, studied at school
in no way then served in the army in no way
then they threw it like in  Ukraine
swelled dead, the boy
could not stand it, yes